README.md, before:

# Ripple Unzipple

## Project Description

The Ripple Unzipple project is a Python script designed to recursively unzip all compressed folders in a given directory. It supports both .zip and .7z file formats and provides a straightforward solution for efficiently extracting compressed data. The script is particularly useful for scenarios where nested compressed folders need to be extracted.

## Table of Contents

- [Project Description](#project-description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To install and set up Ripple Unzipple, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Ensure that you have Python 3 installed.
3. Install the required dependencies using the following command:

```
pip install -r /path/to/requirements.txt
```

## Usage

[Explain how users can use your project, providing examples or code snippets if necessary. Include any relevant details or instructions on how to run the project.]
To use Ripple Unzipple, run the script from the command line with the following syntax:
```
python ripple_unzipple.py input_path output_path [log_path]
```
- input_path: Path to the input directory or compressed file.
- output_path: Path to the output directory where the uncompressed data will be stored.
- log_path (optional): Path to the log file. If provided, detailed logs will be saved to this file.

Example:
```
python ripple_unzipple.py /Testing/Data/TestFolder.zip /OutputFolder OutputLogs.txt
```

You also have the option of calling this function from a module import with the following syntax:
```
from /path/to/ripple_unzipple import ripple_unzip

def main():
    ripple_unzip('input_path', 'output_path', 'log_path')
```

## Configuration

No specific configuration is required for Ripple Unzipple. However, you can customize the script's behavior by adjusting the input parameters during execution.

## Contributing

Although this project will most likely not be maintained or anything.

If you would like to contribute to Ripple Unzipple, follow these guidelines:

1. Submit bug reports or feature requests via the GitHub issue tracker.
2. Fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

If you have any questions, feedback, or suggestions, you can reach out here:

- Anthony Rodway
- Email: anthony.rodway@nrcan-rncan.gc.ca

Feel free to provide your input to help improve Ripple Unzipple!

Commit message:

Handelling issue with max path length reached.

README.md, after:

# Ripple Unzipple

## Project Description

The Ripple Unzipple project is a Python script designed to recursively unzip all compressed folders in a given directory. It supports both .zip and .7z file formats and provides a straightforward solution for efficiently extracting compressed data. The script is particularly useful for scenarios where nested compressed folders need to be extracted.

## Table of Contents

- [Project Description](#project-description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Configuration](#configuration)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

To install and set up Ripple Unzipple, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine.
2. Ensure that you have Python 3 installed.
3. Install the required dependencies using the following command:

```
pip install -r /path/to/requirements.txt
```

## Usage

[Explain how users can use your project, providing examples or code snippets if necessary. Include any relevant details or instructions on how to run the project.]
To use Ripple Unzipple, run the script from the command line with the following syntax:
```
python /path/to/ripple_unzipple.py input_path output_path [log_path]
```
- input_path: Path to the input directory or compressed file.
- output_path: Path to the output directory where the uncompressed data will be stored.
- log_path (optional): Path to the log file. If provided, detailed logs will be saved to this file.

Example from root of project:
```
python ./ripple_unzipple/ripple_unzipple.py /Testing/Data/TestFolder.zip /Testing/OutputFolder /Testing/OutputLog.txt
```

You also have the option of calling this function from a module import with the following syntax:
```
from /path/to/ripple_unzipple import ripple_unzip

def main():
    ripple_unzip(input_path, output_path, log_path)
```

## Configuration

You may run into an issue with your machines MAX_PATH_LENGTH being reached when trying to extract an extensive path with long directory names. On windows, to make sure this does not happen (Requires Users to have either Full Control or Special Permissins, if not available, contact an admin):

1. Press the windows start key and type *Registry Editor* and choose the best match.
2. Navigate to the following location
*HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\FileSystem*.
3. Select the variable named **LongPathsEnabled**.
    
    **Note**: If the registry key does not exist, you can add it by performing the following:
    
    1. Right-click in an empty space below the other key
    2. Select *New*.
    3. Choose *DWORD (32-bit) Value*.
    4. Right-click the newly added key and choose *Rename*.
    5. Rename the key to **LongPathsEnabled** and press *Enter*.

4. Double-click the **LongPathsEnabled** entry to open the key.
5. In the *Value* data field, enter a value of **1** and press OK.

Now, longer paths should be enabled on your machine, and no issues should arise. For more information, please follow this [link](https://www.autodesk.com/support/technical/article/caas/sfdcarticles/sfdcarticles/The-Windows-10-default-path-length-limitation-MAX-PATH-is-256-characters.html#:~:text=By%20default%2C%20Windows%20uses%20a,Files%2C%20Paths%2C%20and%20Namespaces.).

## Contributing

Although this project will most likely not be maintained or anything.

If you would like to contribute to Ripple Unzipple, follow these guidelines:

1. Submit bug reports or feature requests via the GitHub issue tracker.
2. Fork the repository, make your changes, and submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

## Contact

If you have any questions, feedback, or suggestions, you can reach out here:

- Anthony Rodway
- Email: anthony.rodway@nrcan-rncan.gc.ca

Feel free to provide your input to help improve Ripple Unzipple!
